Deep clean, meet deep moisture

Olive Concentrated Cleansing Oil, our most hydrating cleansing oil, nourishes with antioxidant-rich organic olive oil and vitamin E.

Hero CTA	Shop Now
Hero CTA URL	https://www.dhccare.com/olive-concentrated-cleansing-oil.html



Sensory opulence
Rich, luxurious Olive Concentrated Cleansing Oil removes all traces of makeup and dissolves impurities—all without upsetting your skin's pH balance and with no oily residue. Its delicate, all-natural fragrance comes from olive oil, its most abundant ingredient.

Plant power
Olive oil maintains the skin's moisture barrier and helps protect and condition skin without clogging pores. Naturally occurring antioxidants help defy the signs of aging by fighting free-radical damage in surface skin cells.


KEY INGREDIENTS
Olive Fruit Oil
Antioxidant, moisturizes skin
Maintains the skin’s moisture barrier and helps fight damage caused by environmental impurities without clogging pores.

Oleic Acid
Mimics the skin’s natural oils
Found in olive oil, this fatty acid is similar to the oils in your skin.

Vitamin E
Antioxidant, skin conditioner
Helps prevent the signs of premature aging by protecting skin against free radicals, and helps the skin to retain moisture.


REGIMEN
Simplified
Streamlined care
1
Oil Cleanse
Olive Concentrated Cleansing Oil

2
Lathering Cleanse
Olive Soap

3
Tone, Hydrate, Brighten
Astaxanthin Collagen All-in-One Gel

Core
Maximum care
1
Oil Cleanse
Olive Concentrated Cleansing Oil

2
Lathering Cleanse
Olive Soap

3
Tone
Mild Lotion II

4
Moisturize
Rich Moisture

REGIMEN CTA	Shop Now
REGIMEN CTA URL


TESTIMONIAL
“This is liquid GOLD!
This product is the drink from the gods that my skin desperately needed. Not to mention the joy of smoothing it all over your face!”
Trishy, Wilton, CT

“Outstanding!
The cleansing oil is lightweight, smooth and efficiently removes makeup. After rinsing it off, I was really surprised how my skin felt… soft, dewy and primed for makeup or not!”
Twilight, NJ

“Best ever
This is my favorite oil cleanser ever. It takes off any makeup, even waterproof, with ease and does not bother my eyes. And leaves my dry skin silky and hydrated.”
Lenna, Ann Arbor, MI

“OMG… How can DHC improve a classic? They did.
The best product. The concentrated oil is AMAZING!”
Honey West, Dallas, TX

“Perfect solution
I have very dry, very sensitive skin, and live in a very dry climate. I have struggled to find a solution for cleansing my skin. I really love this product.”
J Oliver, Las Cruces, NM

SUGGESTED PRODUCT	The Hydrating Cleanse
SUGGESTED PRODUCT CTA	Shop the Set
ROMANCE COPY FOR SET	Our most hydrating cleansing regimen pairs Olive Concentrated Cleansing Oil with Olive Soap to rejuvenate and soften.

SUGGESTED PRODUCT URL	https://www.dhccare.com/hydrating-cleanse.html


BLOG TITLE	Thoughtfully Sourced
BLOG TIE-IN	Our olives are sourced from an organic farm in southern Spain.
BLOG TIE-IN CTA	Read More at the Blog
BLOG TIE-IN CTA URL	https://www.dhccare.com/blog/thoughtfully-sourced/




SEO
URL KEY	info-olive-concentrated-cleansing-oil
